
This is a list of scripts for the game Albion Online.

 - automatizacao fazenda: This script has a few useful functions, such as the automation of collecting resources from laborers and sending them to work again/leveling them up and the automation of everything related to raising cattle animals (currently not functional, needs update). Runs with Python 3 and uses the following libraries: "pynput", "time" and "playsound". You must have those installed on your computer to run this script properly. This script uses audio files in portuguese to let you know when it is running, paused and closed.
	 - After opening the script, you will have to tap F10 to unpause the script, as it starts paused. If you want to pause again, just tap F10 once more. The purpose of pausing the script is to be able to use the shortcuts used in the script for another purpose without activating them and without closing the script. The script can be closed by tapping F9 (doesn't matter if the script is paused or unpaused).
	 - By tapping F3 when you have your inventory and the laborer overview page both opened, after the 22-hour period of work, the script will quickly collect the resources and empty journal brought by the laborer, and give them back a full journal (which should be located in the first row, third column slot of your inventory) for them to work with for the next 22 hours. Please note that due to your screen resolution, this function might not click where it was supposed to, so you may need to edit the file to set up the proper coordinates on your screen.
	 - The command F4 will also collect the empty journal and resources from the laborer overview page, but instead of giving another full journal it will level up the labourer, this way you can open again the labourer page and use the previous command to send them back to work, after leveling up. Just like the F3 function, this might need screen resolution and in-code position adjustments to work properly.
	 - There are also two inoperant commands (for now): the F1 and the F2 functions, which are designed to totally automate the processes of getting back the raised animal, putting back in a calf and feeding it (F1), and collecting milk/eggs from your raised animals and feeding them once again (F2).

 - pegar coordenadas: This is a very simple script that will help you collect the proper coordinates from your screen to use in another scripts (like 'automatizacao fazenda'), if the default ones don't work as intended. Runs with Python 3 and uses the following libraries: "pynput", "time" and "playsound". You must have those installed on your computer to run this script properly. This script uses audio files in portuguese to let you know when it is running, paused and closed.
     - After opening the script, you will have to tap F10 to unpause the script, as it starts paused. If you want to pause again, just tap F10 once more. The purpose of pausing the script is to be able to use the shortcuts used in the script for another purpose without activating them and without closing the script. The script can be closed by tapping F9 (doesn't matter if the script is paused or unpaused).
     - When the program is running unpaused, you can move the cursor by tapping the keys F1 (move 1 pixel up), F2 (move 1 pixel down), F3 (move 1 pixel left) and F4 (move 1 pixel right). Also, when you tap F5, the script will print the current coordinates of your cursor on your screen.
